MEN-7432: Adjust manifest and instructions for public repositories (#2)
mendersoftware/mender-mcu-integration: README.md

![Mender logo](https://github.com/mendersoftware/mender/raw/master/mender_logo.png)

## Project Status

This repository is a work in progress. As we continue development, features and functionality may
evolve significantly.

## Getting started

Since the project is under active development, we recommend watching the repository or checking back

> regularly for updates. Detailed documentation and usage instructions will be provide d as the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regularly for updates. Detailed documentation and usage instructions will be provided as the
```
